Grammar improvements for do's and don'ts documentation. (#13277)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-next/src/components/ResizeGroup/docs/ResizeGroupDonts.md

> - Don't do any DOM measurements inside your onReduce function. Doing so will degrade performance
> - Don't provide too many different return values for onReduce. Doing so will degrade performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't measure DOM elements (e.g. access clientWidth/Height) inside your onReduce function. Doing so will cause the browser to immediately recalculate layout and degrade performance.
```

Reviewer: I don't know what the 2nd bullet is even saying. @micahgodbolt may know.
